Atttribute form documentation link fix + QFieldCloud bit (#246)
opengisch/QField-docs: documentation/how-to/attributes-form.en.md

For more information regarding storing information related to your
position in object attributes, refer to the deticated
[GNSS documentation](./gnss/).

> For QFieldCloud users, two variables can be used with default values:

Reviewer: Just default values or also other expressions?

Author: Certainly with other expressions, but this is mentioned within the default values section in the overall context of attribute tables, so I don't think it's appropriate to mention symbology here :)

Reviewer: It currently gives a slight impression of only being usable with default values. Maybe "expressions like default values" or something the like could be used?

Author: What about: "For QFieldCloud users, two variables can be used in expressions including attribute form's default values:..." ?

> For QFieldCloud users, two variables can be used with default values:

Author: ```suggestion
For QFieldCloud users, two variables can be used in expressions including attribute form's default values:
```
